Hello Love.
You have broken the word of humility.
Do you know that's worth it?
You can't pay for it all your life.
You've obviously pushed me into words.
Dare to argue back.
Stop!
Who gave you the liver?
Bullying my daughter-in-law in my territory
Dad, you're here.
Who are you?
Old Hyun Yeon is your daughter-in-law.
Why are you protecting an outsider?
Idiot.
The last phone call he left was obviously to his father.
I want to pretend to be the father of God.
Hyun-yeon, he's...
Who are you, and why are you in Dung Thien s office?
I'm Ip's favorite daughter-in-law.
Just say a word
I'm going to get you and your third daughter out of here.
Air cargo
Dare to scold my daughter-in-law
Little Three, what are you?
Dare to argue back.
Don't bully my father.
What are you doing?